Internet wine, half a piece, chest benevolence and greed,
Be kind and greedy, be kind and greedy,
Chest benevolence and greed, Chest benevolence, Chest benevolence, Chest benevolence,
Keep your heart in mind, keep your heart in your chest, keep your heart in your chest,
Chest benevolence is preserved, Chest benevolence is preserved,
Keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest,
Keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest,
Keep your heart in mind, keep your heart in your chest, keep your heart in your chest,
Keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest, keep your chest
how is it possible
He's just a bastard
How could it possibly be an agreement to resume business after repair?
This is my friend too
Is it up to you to decide?
Repair this and start business again
I'm a bit clueless
I have a plan for you